Update README.rst (#7978)
nextcloud/documentation: README.rst

<http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html>`_ style, and can also be edited
from GitHub.

Structure
---------

Of course, think about structure. Keep in mind that we try NOT to move or rename
pages once they are created! Lots of external sources link to our documentation,

> including the indexing by Google of course. So once you create a page with a certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including the indexing by search engines of course. So once you create a page with a certain
```
